The Ministry of Magic buzzed on an early Monday morning in August. People rushed this way and that, their cloaks swishing about, carrying stacks of papers or intimidating objects encased in glass and cloth. Those carrying these dark-looking objects were given space, and wizards in the atrium eyed them nervously. A cringing wizard in long black robes who was carrying a tiny skeleton in a glass and iron cage that scratched and nipped viciously at its cell, growing at passers-by, was given an especially wide berth.

            It was the morning of Atticus Hyde's hearing and the entire Wizengamot (as well as their many assistants) were preparing for what many believed would be a lengthy trial. Mr. Hyde was accused of bribery, coersion, conspiring against the Ministry of Magic, horrendous crimes against muggles, and finally, of treason. The Daily Prophet had been reporting for months that very dark and dangerous items had somehow been finding their way into non-magical hands across the country, but only a week ago, Aurors had raided Mr. Hyde's manor, Thistlewood, and had discovered a multitude of stolen dark artifacts and evidence of his dealings. That very day, in The Evening Prophet, a new story plastered across the front page:

 

THE END OF HYDE REGIME

 

            Thistlewood was raided by Ministry officials this morning at ten o'clock, having received an anonymous tip-off that Atticus Hyde, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, was in fact a player in the recently developing malicious game against muggles. The anonymous source, who sent their message by owl, also claimed to have been threatened by Mr. Hyde into dealing said artifacts in places such as Knockturn Alley, Hogsmeade, and even Diagon Alley to his partners, who would then allow such items to be placed in muggle areas and found.

            Precisely 241 dark magical items were found hidden behind a false wall in Mr. Hyde's study, including 15 cursed jewellery items, 103 poisons, a skeleton that feeds on human flesh, 33 violent articles of clothing and the Soul Stone, a piece of rare alchemy which had been stolen earlier this year. Also discovered were 7 intricately detailed and well kept journals of Mr. Hyde's transactions, as well as several letters that confirm he bribed and threatened more than one Ministry worker to help him complete his plans. These officials will remain nameless at this time. 

            This has come as a shock to the wizarding community, many of us who have not seen such crimes since the Second Wizarding War, and who know Atticus Hyde as a law-abiding family man and a generous contributor to the many endeavors of the Ministry of Magic. When asked for comment, Minister Hermione Granger had few words:

            "It is a shame that someone so deep within our community has betrayed us, and the entire magical world, in such a way. It only goes to show that the Ministry is not impenetrable, and that evil in mankind is not yet defeated. Mr. Hyde has been an employee of the Ministry for a very long time, but neither he, nor his gold, is welcome here any longer."

            Mr. Hyde will await his trial in Azkaban, leaving behind his wife, Martha, and their two children, Roman and Cosma, to face the public. It seems as though there will be no more dinner parties at Thistlewood this year, as the family has hired a security team to guard the grounds of their manor, and has refused to comment. Once one of the most influential wizarding families in the United Kingdom, it seems as though the Hyde family is about to fall from grace.

 

            Since that first article, there had been many more about the case. Rita Skeeter, who could never miss an opportunity to publish juicy rumours, even wrote a ten-page piece about the Hyde family possibly being related to Lord Voldemort himself. She titled it: ARE YOU HYDE-ING SOMETHING, ATTICUS? RIDDLE ME THIS.

            It was all anybody could talk about: the fall of a family, a high-ranking Ministry official trying to kill off muggles, dealing in the dark arts. The Hyde's had been notorious for holding balls and dinner parties for the wizarding elite, and there was large speculation about how many times the Minister herself had walked the floors where so many evil objects lay in wait. Why had he done it? Was he a blood extremist? Was it for the money? Was this how Atticus, an American, had made his fortune in the United States? Could he possibly support the ideas that many thought had died with Lord Voldemort? Nobody had answers, and so everybody awaited the trial eagerly.

            The only ones dreading the hearing were Martha, Roman and Cosma Hyde. They had not left Thistlewood since the incident, and had indeed hired a security team to patrol the grounds and go through the mail, which turned out to be a good thing. By the second day, sixty-one death threats had arrived for Mrs. Hyde, as well as a jinxed broomstick for Roman and a press-powder Cosma had thought to have come from her friend Lulu, but ended up giving her large, painful boils. The worst thing about the negative press was that most of it was true: Atticus was guilty of the crimes he was accused of. The Ministry had the evidence to prove it, and although the children retained a shred of hope that their father wasn't a muggle hating lunatic, Mrs. Hyde had no doubt that her husband was capable of hatching such a plan.

            "You honestly think he did it?" fifteen-year-old Cosma demanded from her mother one night. Martha, who was laying on the chaise lounge in front of the fire and sipping brandy, rolled her eyes.

            "Of course he did." she said bluntly, staring into the flames. "Didn't you see everything come out of his study? That hidden room? Your father built that study, he built that room. Nobody else could have put it there."

            "Maybe he was being made to do it? Forced to! Imperiused!" Cosma said. Martha let out a dry laugh.

            "Don't be stupid." and she gulped back the rest of her drink. 

            "Well he's never said anything about muggles. You're a half-blood, and he married you." Cosma retorted. Martha's face twisted.

            "Of course he did, and he hates my muggleborn father. Why do you think they're never invited for Christmas, or Easter? The Hyde's have married half-bloods for centuries, to keep the blood pure without having to resort to incest. It's why the name still carries on, or they would have died out ages ago." Martha stood and began to pace the sitting room angrily, "The fact of the matter is, my dear little Cosma," she flicked her wand and a bottle of brandy floated over and refilled her glass, "Blood-purity just isn't fashionable anymore. Not with a soft witch like Hermione Granger as Minister, and not with Harry Potter working closely with him in his department. It's not as if your father could make his views apparent to anyone but me! And oh, did he make them apparent." She downed the entire drink in one go, wobbling slightly. She glared at her daughter with one watery, blood shot eye. "Your father is exactly what they say he is."

            "Then why did you stay married to him?" Cosma couldn't believe her ears, or her eyes. Her mother laughed at her again, a fleck of spit hitting her cheek. She could smell her sour breath. It was as if Martha was a completely different person.

            "It's not like I had a choice." Cosma turned away from Martha's maniacal smile, and didn't look at her again as she flopped unceremoniously back on the chaise, charming the brandy bottle to pour her another. It was more than Cosma could handle, and she left the sitting room, deciding to avoid Martha as much as possible.

            And so that's how it was for the next week. Martha remained in a drunken stupor, going between loud snoring and angrily yelling to herself; Roman kept well hidden in his room, avoiding his mother and sister at all costs; and Cosma wandered the manor by herself, staring out windows for hours and hoping for an owl from one of her friends, which never came. Meals were eaten alone and brought by the house-elf, Cobby, although the tray was usually chucked at him by Martha and he would often threaten to quit.  

            On the Monday morning of the trial, Martha had managed to get herself appearing respectable  and half-sober, which Cosma was grateful for. Her mother almost looked elegant again, in fine silk robes of black, with her thick, dark hair in a knot at the back of her neck. Roman, who was always handsome, looked like the epitome of youth in his best tie, and Cosma opted for a simple, white dress. She couldn't stand all the gloom that engulfed them: the white dress made her feel light, and airy, and worriless. It caused Martha to sneer on that Monday morning, and her daughter flinched.

            "Going for the appearance of innocence, are we?" Martha asked with her brow raised. Cosma shrugged.

            "I'm just sick of being miserable." she replied. Her mother shook her head in a pitying sort of way.

            "Well get used to it. Atticus will be convicted, and our lives are about to change for the worse."

            The minute the three of them arrived at the Ministry of Magic, a sinking feeling in her stomach told Cosma that her mother was correct, and things were going to get worse. As soon as they stepped out of the green flames, people stared and pointed, whispered and snickered. Eyes followed them as the three Hyde's walked through the Atrium, heads held high. Martha, who had a small black veil over her face, still turned away as a photographer snapped away with his camera. Cosma did the opposite. She turned and glared at him, all in white, looking repulsed. Why did people take such pleasure in the pain and suffering of others? But after all, that's why we are here, she thought to herself, because my father took pleasure in the pain of muggles.

            They travelled deep into the underbelly of the Ministry until they finally reached the courtroom. They were escorted to their seats by a security official who gave them a dirty look. As soon as the three of them sat, all eyes were on them. Cosma avoided meeting anybody's gaze and instead stared at the terrifying chair in the center of the room, with chains dangling from it. She knew that's where her father would be sitting, and she ripped her eyes away from it in terror. Her heartbeat suddenly quickened, and Cosma felt like she might be sick.

            "I'm not feeling very well." she told her mother. Martha waved a hand at her daughter impatiently.

            "Neither am I. Suck it up. It will be over soon enough, and then we have to deal with the real problem." 

            Cosma wasn't sure what Martha meant, but she shut her mouth for fear of throwing up in front of the entire Wizengamot. 

            Off to her right she could see the Minister, Hermione Granger, looking intimidating in her plum coloured robes. She was leaned over and whispering in the ear of a bespectacled man with messy black and grey hair. Cosma suddenly realized she was looking at Harry Potter, and as if he knew she was thinking about him, she was suddenly staring directly into brilliant emerald eyes. A weird, squiggly sensation rippled through her stomach and Cosma swallowed to prevent any puking, despite not knowing if that's what it was. Of course Harry Potter would be here, she thought. He worked under her father, and had been a well-known Auror for years. Many people believed that the only reason Atticus Hyde had gotten the position was because Mr. Potter had wanted to stay a dark-wizard hunter rather than being stuck in an office. It only made sense that he would attend his boss's trial, and would want to be there during the conviction of the most talked about hearing in almost twenty years. Crimes of this severity hadn't surfaced since before Potter had taken down Lord Voldemort. 

            The two of them stared at each other, Cosma in an almost determined sort of way. She wasn't like that. She wasn't a dark wizard, or had anything against muggles, and if she could have, she would have told it to Harry Potter in that moment.

            The banging of a gavel snapped Cosma out of her hopeless attempt at telepathy. Hermione Granger was now standing, looking over the court.

            "Bring in the accused," she said, her voice amplified.

            It was time. 

            The entire room, which was packed to the brim, turned to look at the side entrance, where Cosma's father (wearing shackles, of course) was escorted to the chain-chair by two brawny officials. Just as Cosma feared, the chains leapt up and snaked around his arms and legs, even though his hands were already bound together. He had dark circles under his eyes, and hadn't shaved for a week, which made him look more unkempt than she had ever seen him. Cosma thought he also seemed to have lost some weight, despite  the fact that it hadn't been very long since his arrest. She wondered if they were feeding him in Azkaban. His eyes, which were large and dark like her own, were wide with the panicked fear you saw in dying, wild animals. They darted back and forth, looking at no one in particular.

            Hermione stared at him, frowning, and looking cold.

            "Atticus Hyde, you have been brought before the Wizengamot accused of several crimes. These are as follows: the bribery of government, four counts of making death threats, conspiring against the Ministry, violent crimes against muggles, the torturing of muggles, the stealing of evidence, 103 counts of illegal poison possession...." she went on and on. Cosma sat and stared at her hands as the enormous list of charges was read out. The piece of parchment in Hermione's hands was so long that Cosma couldn't see the end of it past the podium. She let herself zone out, not really wanting to hear the rest of the charges, and only came back to what the minister was saying when she heard her say, "bringing us to a grand total of four hundred and twelve charges in all. How do you plea?"

            Atticus opened his mouth to speak, but shut it again. This happened several times. Hermione pressed him.

            "How do you plea, Mr. Hyde? If you refuse to answer the court will conclude you have answered not guilty, and your sentence may be more severe."

            Cosma held her breath.

            "I am guilty." Atticus said breathlessly. There was a murmur through the people, several members of the Wizengamot talked to each other in hushed voices.

            "Am I to understand, that you plead guilty to all four hundred and twelve charges?"

the Minister looked rather shocked. Atticus nodded.

            "I do. I plead guilty."

            There was more murmuring, and a knot formed in Cosma's throat, and in her stomach. Her chest felt like it was being sat on.

            Hermione Granger and Harry Potter looked at each other. She was completely bewildered, and it was him that spoke next.

            "Why did you do this? What have muggles ever done to you?"

            It was at this question that the scared look left her father's eyes, and Cosma did not like what replaced it. It made her squirm.

            "Wizard's have lived in fear for far too long, and they should be the ones that should be afraid. So, why not?" Atticus then smiled, first at Harry Potter, and next at his family, who sat frozen and horrified.

            Cosma couldn't help it. She threw up, and the sound of her retching and vomit hitting the stone floor echoed in the courtroom.