Holly sat on her bed and tried to gather her thought to write in her diary, so much swirling in her mind and not a fast enough hand to record it all. So she momentarily just sat and reminised. It had been her third year when she had first noticed him as sexy. It had been pouring outside, and Snape had come inside dripping wet, and man how the robes stuck to his skin! How Dreamy… He had quite the six pack! And he’s still got it. She had been sneaking around last year, and saw Snape in his pajamas! He wasn't wearing a top then. Holly giggled to herself.

"What the cauldron are you laughing about?" Gertrude grumbled to Holly, sitting up from where she had been taking a nap before dinner.

"Nothing, nothing." Holly murmured, and Gertrude rolled her eyes.

"Since I can't sleep," Gertrude looked pointedly at Holly, "I'm going to head down early, wanna come?" Holly just shook her head, still absent mindedly smiling. Gertrude left.

Holly realized she had gripped her quill so hard she had broken it.  She laughed at herself. It sounded like something Snape would do. Holly laughed again. They were so alike. She got shudders just thinking about him. He made her feel all warm and gooey inside! Sure he wasn't Lockhart, but he was still quite something. Holly decided to do a full blown out study of him to see if he had a nice side. She was sure he did. She had seen him smile before... That counted, right? 

 

Monday, September 1, 1996

My beautiful sexy Snape! Amortentia was my favorite in Potions. It smelled like fresh sheets, lemon pie, and something warm and succulent I wasn’t sure of. I need to look around for that.

I went to Snape’s office about the non-verbal Unforgivables I had a question on. I opened his office door, and was hit with the smell from Potions! I’m sure my posture was quite awkward to Snape, who had no idea why I was in his office, but before I could stop myself I squealed “From Amortentia!” Snape’s look was... embarrassed? I must had a really dreamy expression by the way Snape was looking at me. Fresh sheets… lemon pie… and Snape! Then he yelled at me to get out of his office! He rejected me! Snape doesn’t love me.

 

Holly stopped writing. 

Snape

Doesn’t

Love

Me

This was stupid. She had just gotten kicked out of Snape's office, and she had automatically pulled out her diary to cataloge the experience. She was sitting against the wall opposite his door, crying buckets, and pouring her heart out into her diary! That was just totally stupid. Holly mentally shouted at herself. You know what? Screw this crummy dairy! I don’t need to record what happens in my life because my life isn’t interesting! I’ll never get a guy! Certainly never Snape! Hmmm… He’s old enough to be my father. Dad sure wouldn’t like that thought. She felt the urge to pick the dairy back up and write what she was feeling. What is this? Habit? I’ve been doing this since second year. Time to get a new obsession.

And so she chucked it at the wall, and ran off to the dungeons in tears. 

WHAT THE CRAP? Snape thought to himself and cautiously checked the hall to make sure Holly Butler had left before he retrieved the book. No one really needed to read it. He tossed it in a bin in the corner with twenty-seven other battered, sticker speckled, glowing, neon colored dairies.

He shook his head and went back to the summer homework turned in. Potter's was miserable like usual. Snape had just been forced to put an 'A' on it when-

"Severus?"

Snape jerked up in his chair and looked around suspiciously. What in the world was Dumbledore's voice doing echoing around his office? The headmaster's head was in the fire place.

"What is it?" Snape asked irritably, leaning over his desk to get a better veiw of Dumbledore's serene head.

"I have a Miss Butler here in my office in tears, demanding to be withdrawn from the school, and saying it's all your fault. Any comments?"

“I want to quit so bad.”